The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
Try to be a rainbow in someones cloud.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Si lo que has de decir no es mejor que el silencio, no hables.
El maestro predica con el ejemplo.
Cuando te subes a un tigre no te bajas de el cuando tu quieres sino cuando el quiere.
Si lo que haces no funciona, haz algo diferente.
No puedes añadir tiempo a la vida pero sí vida al tiempo.
La vida será coser y cantar si trabajas para simplificarla tanto como lo haces para complicarla.
No sufras por las cosas que ni si quiera sabes si ocurriran
La gente común y corriente logra cosas extraordinarias.
Saber y no hacer es igual que no saber.
Espera siempre lo inesperado porque lo único cierto es la incerteza.
La mayoría de las preocupaciones son completamente inútiles.
Al dar consejos o bien se pierde, o ni se gana ni se pierde.
La mejor manera de impresionar a las personas es no intentar impresionarlas.
La manera más segura de fracasar es intentar complacer a todo el mundo.
Con una mala actitud puedes perder muchas cosas buenas en la vida.
Admite tus errores y cometerás menos.
Querer tener razón a toda costa es igual que ser un héroe muerto. No tiene recompensa.
Si tu casa está en llamas aprovecha el fuego para calentarte.
Nunca es demasiado tarde para aprender algo nuevo y mejorar.
Para poder aprender algo primero hay que aceptar que no se sabe.
Aquel que cree saberlo todo nada puede aprender.
Si no identifica realmente los problemas, no va a solucionarlos.
Ama lo que tienes y siempre conseguirás lo que quieras.
Si intentas hacer demasiado. Harás poco.
Deja de esforzarte tanto en ser feliz y verás cómo hacen aparición los buenos momentos.
Lo importante no es lo que  los demás piensen de tí sino lo que tu pienses de tí mismo.
Acepta lo que no puedas cambiar y cambia lo que no puedas aceptar.
No te tomes la vida tan en serio, no saldrás vivo de ella.
El viaje mas largo comienza con un solo paso.
Todo lo que somos es el resultado de lo que pensamos.
Cuando el discipulo está listo para aprender, un maestro aparecerá.
Las palabras y el agua, fáciles de verter y difíciles de recuperar.
El camino del iluminado no deja huella, es la ruta de las aves en el cielo.
Nos refugiamos en el orgullo, porque tenemos miedo de decirnos la verdad a nosotros mismos.
El arte de enseñar es la claridad, y el arte de aprender es saber escuchar.
La bondad debe ser la forma natural de la vida, no la excepción.
El amor es la única fuerza capaz de transformar a un enemigo en amigo.
Encuentra un trabajo que amas y no volverás a trabajar en tu vida.
Es mejor practicar poco que hablar mucho.
La vida es aquello que te va sucediendo mientras te empeñas en hacer otros planes.
Si terminaste de leer el libro, ciérralo. Si a la mitad del libro te das cuenta que no es algo de tu agrado, ciérralo... siempre tienes que terminar lo empezado, o al menos ponerle un fin.
No permanezcas en el pasado, no sueñes con el futuro, concentra la mente en el momento presente.
El sabio no dice nunca lo que piensa, pero piensa siempre lo que dice.
No importa a donde vayas, ahí estarás.
El dolor es inevitable pero el sufrimiento es opcional.
Si deseas amor verdadero, aprende a amarte.
Ten paciencia con todas las cosas, pero sobre todo contigo mismo.
La vida te da lo que necesitas.
Un copo de nieve no puede existir en una tempestad de fuego.
Las flores se deshojan aunque las amemos, las malas hierbas crecen aunque las aborrezcamos; es así.
¿Tenemos paciencia para esperar a que el lodo se asiente en el fondo y el agua se aclare?.
Transporta un puñado de tierra todos los dias y construiras una montaña.
No creas en nada, sin importar donde lo hayas leído o quién lo haya dicho, a menos que esté de acuerdo con tu propia razón y tu propio sentido común.
Cuando nos negamos a aprender de los problemas pequeños, estamos obligados a afrontar otros más grandes.
Hacemos lo que hacemos hasta que dejamos de hacerlo.
No trates de cambiar tu deber por el de otro, ni descuides tu trabajo por hacer el de otro. No importa lo noble que éste pueda ser. Estás aquí para descubrir tu propio camino y entregarte a él en cuerpo y alma.
Tu peor enemigo no te puede dañar tanto como tus propios pensamientos. Ni tu padre, ni tu madre, ni tu amigo más querido, te pueden ayudar tanto como tu propia mente disciplinada.
El conocimiento sobre otros te convierte en sabio, el conocimientos sobre tí mismo en iluminado.
Existen dos momentos en los que debemos mantener la boca cerrada: cuando nadamos y cuando estamos enfadados.
Todo lo que vivimos es digno de ser vivido.
Aquellos que te impacientan son tus mejores maestros.
No nos damos cuenta de que todos somos maestros. Todo lo que hacemos, de la mañana a la noche, es una enseñanza.
La mente es como un mono atado a un palo, va de acá para allá sin parar.
La vida fluye, fluye tu con ella.
Si supiéramos comprender, no haría falta perdonar.
La verdad no está de parte de quién grite más.
El insistir en que algo es cierto ni lo hace verdadero, ni te da la razon.
Ningún día en el que hayamos aprendido algo es un día perdido.
No es el martillo el que deja perfectos los guijarros, sino el agua con su danza y su canción.
Cuando te das cuenta de que nada te falta, el mundo entero te pertenece.
Cuando veas a un hombre bueno, trata de imitarlo; cuando veas a un hombre malo, examínate a ti mismo.
El que nada duda, nada sabe.
Aunque los bosques de bambú son densos, los flujos de agua son libres en ellos.
Un oceano se llena gota a gota.
Con nuestros pensamientos le damos forma al mundo.
Si la mente de una persona se vuelve pura, su entorno también lo hará.
El momento de hacer las cosas, es cuando tu decides hacerlas.
Todo cambia, nada permanece sin cambio.
Ni el fuego ni el viento, el nacimiento ni la muerte pueden borrar nuestras buenas obras.
Si nos encontramos tranquilos, las palabras precisas saldrán a la luz.
Las únicas respuestas interesantes son aquellas que destruyen la pregunta.
Si el universo es la respuesta, cual es la pregunta?.
No soy nada y en consecuencia, lo soy todo.
Vacía la mente y encontrarás la felicidad. Sal de la mente y encontrarás la eternidad.
Es capaz aquel que cree que lo es.
Hay quienes, en medio del agua,se lamentan de sentir sed.
La lámpara no se apodera de la luz que fluye por ella. No te apoderes de la vida que fluye por ti.
La mejor forma de conservar una gota de agua es devolverla al oceano.
El odio no disminuye con el odio. El odio disminuye con el amor.
Pocos son entre los hombres los que llegan a la otra orilla; la mayor parte corre de arriba a abajo en estas playas.
No es más rico quien más tiene, sino quien menos necesita.
Más vale usar pantunflas que alfombrar al mundo.
Todos los caminos de bondad conducen a la iluminación y al despertar.
El silencio tiene su lenguaje: sabe hacerse entender.
Como una sólida roca no se mueve con el viento, así el sabio permanece imperturbado ante la calumnia y el halago.
No lastimes a los demás con lo que te causa dolor a ti mismo.
No existen tierras extrañas. Es el viajero el único que es extraño.
Viajar es fatal para el prejuicio, la intolerancia y la estrechez de mente.
Un buen viajero no tiene planes fijos ni la intención de llegar.
Si no escalas la montaña, jamás podrás disfrutar el paisaje.
Viajamos para cambiar, no de lugar, sino de ideas.
Como todas las drogas, viajar requiere un aumento contante de las dosis.
He descubierto que no hay forma más segura de saber si amas u odias a alguien que hacer un viaje con él.
No hay nada como volver a un lugar que no ha cambiado para darte cuenta de cuánto has cambiado tú.
Una vez al año ve a algún lugar en el que nunca hayas estado antes.
Aquel que quiere viajar feliz, debe viajar ligero.
El que quiere interesar a los demás tiene que provocarlos.
Nunca permitas que el sentido de la moral te impida hacer lo que está bien.
El que está acostumbrado a viajar, sabe que siempre es necesario partir algún día.
Los viajes son los viajeros. Lo que vemos no es lo que vemos, sino lo que somos.
Viajar es una buena forma de aprender y de superar miedos.
Viajar es imprescindible y la sed de viaje, un síntoma neto de inteligencia.
Un viajero sabio nunca desprecia su propio país.
Los viajes son en la juventud una parte de educación y, en la vejez, una parte de experiencia.
El único Zen que encontrarás en la cima de la montaña es el Zen que llevaste contigo.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it’s safe or certain.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy.
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.
Opportunities don’t happen, you create them.
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents- start charging for it.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one’s destiny to do, and then do it.
If you’re going through hell keep going.
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do.
Don’t raise your voice, improve your argument.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you.
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
What’s the point of being alive if you don’t at least try to do something remarkable.
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent.
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it.
Your problem isn’t the problem. Your reaction is the problem.
You can do anything, but not everything.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absense of fear.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing - that’s why we recommend it daily.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that’s the strangest secret.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
The best reason to start an organization is to make meaning; to create a product or service to make the world a better place.
I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing.
It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
When I dare to be powerful - to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life. Think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
If you don’t design your own life plan, chances are you’ll fall into someone else’s plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
If you genuinely want something, don’t wait for it. Teach yourself to be impatient.
Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!
You can’t connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don’t wish it were easier, wish you were better.
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don’t define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them.
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
I don’t want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don’t really matter.
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can’t just accept the ones you like.
Success is...knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it’s always your choice.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all.
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals.
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
Fortune sides with him who dares.
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says “I’m possible”!
I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it.
If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough.
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
Believe you can and you’re halfway there.
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
Do or do not. There is no try.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover.
I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me.
If you hear a voice within you say "you cannot paint," then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck.
You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.
I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear.
I would rather die of passion than of boredom.
A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
What’s money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on.
Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down “happy”. They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
We can’t help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
Nothing will work unless you do.
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
Life is the only thing worth living for.
